Update add-cms-block.md (#1329)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/content/cms/add-cms-block.md

So go ahead and re-create that structure in your plugin: `<plugin root>/src/Resources/views/storefront/block/`

> In there create a new twig template named after your block. The filename scheme is always the same: `cms-block-` followed by the technical name of the block (my-image-text-reversed`) and `.html.twig` extension - `cms-block-my-image-text-reversed.html.twig` it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new twig template named after your block. The filename convention for this is : 

- Starts with the prefix `cms-block-` 
- Followed by the technical name of the block `my-image-text-reversed`
- Ends with the extension `.html.twig` 

Example : `cms-block-my-image-text-reversed.html.twig`.

```

> In there create a new twig template named after your block. The filename scheme is always the same: "cms-block-" followed by the technical name of the block (here: "my-image-text-reversed") and ".html.twig" at the end, so `cms-block-my-image-text-reversed.html.twig` it is. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In there create a new twig template named after your block. The filename scheme is always the same: `cms-block-` followed by the technical name of the block (my-image-text-reversed`) and `.html.twig` extension - `cms-block-my-image-text-reversed.html.twig` it is.
```
